Weekly Progress Log

Week-1
o I have personally found and approached the members of our group for them to join.
o I have personally written the required report by hand with the suggestions from my group
members
o I came up with the name of our application and group and drawn the logo design.
Week-2
o I have created the requirements stage presentation by myself.
o I have personally presented the requirements stage presentation by myself.
o I have personally come up with the definition, features, target audiences, advantages, and
similar applications of our project by myself.
Week-3
o I have personally designed the application main screen, user profile and business profile user
interfaces.
o I have created the slide pages for the application main screen, user profile and business
profile.
o I have presented the application main screen, user profile and business profile slides during
our group’s slide presentation.
o I created the overall design and page structure of our presentation.
o I have also modified and fixed the issues with other slides in order to create the final version
of the presentation slide.
Week-4
o I have personally written the text and added the screenshots of the main screen, customer
profile and owner profile parts of the report.
o I have helped in writing the introduction of the report.
Week-5
o I have personally written the introduction part of the report.
o I have created the System overview graphic and written the related text with the help of
Berkay.
o I have written the task assignment part with the after discussing it with my group members.
o I also fixed any issues regarding the formatting of the report.
Week-5
o I have personally added the required screenshots of our GUI’s and formatted them.
o I have personally written the missing conclusion part of the report.
Week-5&6
o I have personally created the customer profile, owner profile and main screen user interface
designs.
o I have also created the necessary java files for these pages to function.
o I have personally integrated these pages to work with the application.
o I helped in the modeling (backend) part of the code by designing the pseudo and initial
versions of the code and afterwards helped Berkay write the code related to the above pages
for the final version.